Document K8s agent storage: SELinux spc_t, custom RWO class, CSI IAM (#3246)
OctopusDeploy/docs: src/pages/docs/kubernetes/targets/kubernetes-agent/storage.md

See this [blog post](https://octopus.com/blog/efs-eks) for a tutorial on connecting EFS to and EKS cluster.
:::

:::div{.info}
Cloud provider CSI drivers (such as the [AWS EBS CSI driver](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/eks/latest/userguide/ebs-csi.html) or the EFS CSI driver) often need to be installed as an add-on and given an IAM role with a trust relationship (for example [IRSA](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/eks/latest/userguide/iam-roles-for-service-accounts.html) on EKS, or [Workload Identity](https://cloud.google.com/kubernetes-engine/docs/how-to/workload-identity) on GKE) before they can provision volumes. Follow the linked provider documentation to install the driver and configure these permissions, then reference the resulting `StorageClass` name when installing the agent.

> Separately, if your **deployment workloads** need to assume an IAM role, you can annotate the script pod service account — see [setting scriptPod service account annotations](/docs/kubernetes/targets/kubernetes-agent/troubleshooting#setting-scriptpod-service-account-annotations).

Reviewer: Nit: consider using a table and linking directly to provider documentation on setting up the correct CSI Drivers. 

Consider keeping the workload IAM account role annotations link in-place in this info block.

- [Longhorn](https://longhorn.io/)
- [Rook (CephFS)](https://rook.io/)
- [GlusterFS](https://www.gluster.org/)

## SELinux-enforced clusters \{#selinux}

On clusters where SELinux is enforced — such as [OpenShift](https://www.redhat.com/en/topics/containers/what-is-openshift), or EKS nodes running Bottlerocket or Amazon Linux 2023 — SELinux volume labeling can prevent the agent and script pods from reading and writing the shared storage volume, even when the `StorageClass` and access mode are configured correctly. This typically surfaces as permission-denied errors when a pod tries to mount or access the volume.

To allow the pods to access the volume on these nodes, set the SELinux type to `spc_t` (super-privileged container) in the pod security context of both the agent and the script pods:

```yaml
agent:
  securityContext:
    seLinuxOptions:
      type: spc_t
scriptPods:
  securityContext:
    seLinuxOptions:
      type: spc_t
```

This can be provided during installation, or in a `helm upgrade`, via `--set` flags:

```bash
--set agent.securityContext.seLinuxOptions.type="spc_t" \
--set scriptPods.securityContext.seLinuxOptions.type="spc_t"
```

:::div{.hint}

> On OpenShift you can alternatively grant the agent's service account access to an appropriate [SecurityContextConstraint (SCC)](https://docs.openshift.com/container-platform/latest/authentication/managing-security-context-constraints.html). Using `spc_t` is the simplest option that works consistently across SELinux-enforced clusters.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you don't want to set the SELinux type on an OpenShift cluster, you can grant the agent's service account access to an appropriate [SecurityContextConstraint (SCC)](https://docs.openshift.com/container-platform/latest/authentication/managing-security-context-constraints.html) instead.
```
